Anything Goes
- by Cole Porter
- chords based on Kristin Hall's Fabulous Songbook
  http://kristinhall.org/songbook/BluesAndStandards/AnythingGoes.html
- Dean's personal favorite rendition, Ella Fitzgerald

INTRO:
Am                                  (F)        Am
Times have changed and we've often rewound the clock
Bb                             E7                 (Bm7)     E7
Since the Puritans got a shock when they landed on Plymouth Rock.
A7                             Dm
If today any shock they should try to stem,
E7                   Am                      E          B7      E7
'Stead of landing on Plymouth Rock, Plymouth Rock would land on them.
 
   A                                                            F#m
In olden days a glimpse of stockings was looked on as something shocking.
            Bm7  Dm6  E7       A
Now, heaven knows,    anything goes!
E     A
 Good authors, too, who once knew better words
A                 F#m                  Bm7  Dm6  E        A
Now only use four-letter words writing prose,    anything goes!
 
BRIDGE:
Ab7                 C#                   Ab7
 The world has gone mad today and good's bad today,
            C#                    Ab7
And black's white today and day's night today,
          C#m                   C#m7
When most guys today that women prize today
         Bbdim7    E7
Are just silly gigolos!
 
    A                                                            F#m
So, though I'm not a great romancer, I know that you're bound to answer
          Bm7  Dm6  E7       A 
When I propose,     anything goes!


When grandmama, whose age is eighty, in night clubs is getting matey
With gigolos, anything goes!
When mothers pack and leave poor father because
They decide they'd rather be tennis pros, anything goes!
 
If driving fast cars you like, if low bars you like,
If old hymns you like, if bare limbs you like,
If Mae West you like or me undressed you like,
Why, nobody will oppose!
When, every night, the set that's smart
Is intruding on nudist parties in studios, anything goes!
 
When Mrs. Ned McClean, God bless her,
Can get Russian reds to "Yes" her, then I suppose, anything goes!
 
When Rockefeller still can hoard enough
Money to let Max Gordon produce his shows, anything goes!
 
The world has gone mad today and good's bad today.
And black's white today and day's night today.
And that gent today you gave a cent today
Once owned several chateaus.
 
When folks who still can ride in jitneys
Find out Vanderbilts and Whitneys lack baby clothes, anything goes!
 
When Sam Goldwyn can, with great conviction,
Instruct Anna Stein in diction, then Anna shows, anything goes!
 
When you hear that Lady Mendel, standing up,
Now turns a handspring landing upon her toes, anything goes!
 
Just think of those shocks you've got and those knocks you've got
And those blues you've got from those news you've got
And those pains you've got, if any brains you've got,
From those little radios

So, Mrs. R. with all her trimmin's
Can broadcast a bed from Simmons, 'cause Franklin knows, anything goes!

