Lizzie Bordon
 - Chad Mitchell Trio
 - Actually in D# Major

(spoken)
Elizabeth Bordon took an axe, and gave her mother forty whacks,
and when the job was nicely done, she gave her father forty one.

      D
Yesterday in old Fall River, Mr. Andrew Borden died,
                                      E             A
And they got his daughter Lizzie on a charge of homicide.
           D                                                  B7
Some folks say she didn't do it, and others say of course she did,
         G    F#m        Em     D        A               D
But they all agree, Miss Lizzie B. was a problem kind of kid.

              G                          D
   'Cause you can't chop your papa up in Massachusetts,
                    B7              E      A
   Not even if it's planned as a surprise.
           G                          D
   No, you can't chop your papa up in Massachusetts,
       A                               D
   You know how neighbors love to criticize.


Well, she got him on the sofa where he'd gone to take a snooze,
And I hope he went to heaven, 'cause he wasn't wearing shoes.
Lizzie kinda rearranged him with a hatchet so they say,
Then she got her mother in that same old fashioned way.

   But you can't chop your mama up in Massachusettes,
   Not even if you're tired of her cuisine.
   No, can't chop your mama up in Massachusettes,
   You know it's almost sure to cause a scene.

Oh they really kept her hoppin' on that busy afternoon,
With both down and upstairs choppin' while she hummed a ragtime tune.
They really made her hustle and when all was said and done,
She'd removed her mother's bustle when she wasn't wearing one.

   No, you can't chop your mama up in Massachusettes,
   And then blame all the damage on the mice.
   No, you can't chop your mama up in Massachusettes,
   That kind of thing just isn't very nice.

Now it wasn't done for pleasure, and it wasn't done for spite,
And it wasn't done because the lady wasn't very bright.
She'd always done the slightest thing that mom and papa bid;
They said, "Lizzie, cut it out!" so that's exactly what she did!

   But you can't chop your papa up in Massachusettes,
   And then get dressed and go out for a walk.
   No, you can't chop your papa up in Massachusettes,
   Massachausettes is a far cry from New York.

   You can't chop your papa up in Massachusettes.
(spoken)
Shut the door and lock and latch it,here comes Lizzie with a brand new hatchet!

   You can't chop your papa up in Massachusettes.
(spoken)
Such a snob I've heard it said, she met her pa and cut him dead!

   You can't chop your papa up in Massachusettes.
(spoken)
Jump like a fish, jump like a porpoise, all join hands and habeas corpus!

       G                          D
   You can't chop your papa up in Massachusettes,
   G                  A                D
   Massachusettes is a far cry from New York!

