Not Perfect
 - by Tim Minchin

           G           D (or B7)         C                  Cm
This is my Earth and I live in it.  It’s one third dirt and two thirds water,
       G                                     G7
And it rotates and revolves through space at rather an impressive pace,
    C         (C7?)         G
And never even messes up my hair.
    G                                  Em
And here’s the really weird thing, the force created by its spin
       C                                   D
Is the force that stops the chaos flooding in.

           D               F#m7b5?     Bm(7)                        B7       Em
This is my Earth, and it’s fine.  It’s where I spend the vast majority of my time,
         C                 G               C
It’s not perfect, but it’s mine.  It’s not perfect.

This is my country and I live in it.  It’s pretty big and nice to walk on,
And the bloke who runs my country has built a demagoguery,
And taught us to be fearful and boring.
And the weirdest thing is that he is conservative of politics
But really rather radical of eyebrow.

This is my country, and it’s fine.  It’s where I spend the vast majority of my time,
It’s not perfect, but it’s mine.  It’s not perfect.

This is my house and I live in it.  It’s made of cracks and photographs.
We rent it off a guy who bought it from a guy,
Who bought it from a guy whose grandad left it to him.
And the weirdest thing is that this house has locks to keep the baddies out,
But they’re mostly used to lock ourselves in.
 
This is my house, and it’s fine.  It’s where I spend the vast majority of my time,
It’s not perfect, but it’s mine.  It’s not perfect, but it's mine.
 
This is my body, and I live in it.  It’s 31 and 6 months old.
It’s changed a lot since it was new; it’s done stuff it wasn’t built to do,
I often try to fill it up with wine.
And the weirdest thing about it is, I spend so much time hating it
But it never says a bad word about me.
 
This is my body, and it’s fine.  It’s where I spend the vast majority of my time,
It’s not perfect, but it’s mine.  It’s not perfect.
 
This is my brain, and I live in it.  It’s made of love and bad song lyrics.
It’s tucked away behind my eyes, where all my screwed up thoughts can hide,
Cos God forbid I hurt somebody.
And the weirdest thing about a mind, is that every answer that you find,
Is the basis of a brand new cliché.
 
This is my brain, and it’s fine.  It’s where I spend the vast majority of my time,
It’s not perfect, but it’s mine.  It’s not perfect,
I’m not quite sure I’ve worked out how to work it
It’s not perfect, but it’s mine.
