Oompa Loompa Songs
 - artists: Leslie Bricusse and Anthony Newley
 - from the original Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory
 - chords based on those at guntheranderson.com

Am                    Dm               Am      F(7)       E
Oompa Loompa doompety doo.  I've got a perfect puzzle for you.
Am                    Dm               Am          E(7)      Am
Oompa Loompa doompety dee.  If you are wise you'll listen to me.

  F                        C
  What do you get when you guzzle down sweets,
  G(7)                 C
  Eating as much as an elephant eats,
  F                        C
  What are you at, getting terribly fat,
  B7                          Cdim?  E         Cdim? (xx1212)
  What do you think will come of     that?
  E7
  I don't like the look of it.

Am                    Dm                 Am      F(7)        E
Oompa Loompa doompety da.  If you're not greedy, you will go far.
Am                         Dm            Am           E(7)     Am         E7 Am
You will live in happiness too, like the Oompa Loompa doompety do.  Doompety do.


Oompa Loompa doompety doo.  I've got another puzzle for you.
Oompa Loompa doompedah dee.  If you are wise you'll listen to me.

  Gum chewing's fine when it's once in a while,
  It stops you from smoking and brightens your smile.
  But it's repulsive, revolting, and wrong,
  Chewing and chewing all day long.
  The way that a cow does.

Oompa Loompa doompety da.  Given good manners you will go far.
You will live in happiness too, like the Oompa Loompa doompety do.


Oompa Loompa doompety doo.  I've got another puzzle for you.
Oompa Loompa doompety dee.  If you are wise you'll listen to me.

  Who do you blame when your kid is a brat,
  Pampered and spoiled like a siamese cat?
  Blaming the kids is a lie and a shame.
  You know exactly who's to blame,
  The mother and the father.

Oompa Loompa doompety da.  If you're not spoiled then you will go far.
You will live in happiness too, like the Oompa Loompa doompety do.


Oompa Loompa doompety doo.  I've got another puzzle for you.
Oompa Loompa doompedah dee.  If you are wise you'll listen to me.

  What do you get from a glut of TV?
  A pain in the neck and an IQ of three.
  Why don't you try simply reading a book,
  Or could you just not bear to look?
  You'll get no
       You'll get no
            You'll get no
                 You'll get no
  You'll get no commercials.

Oompa Loompa doompety da.  If you like reading you will go far.
You will live in happiness too, like the - Oompa - Oompa Loompa doompety do.
