The Unicorn Song
 - by Shel Silverstein, performed by the Irish Rovers
 - chords by David Turner

  C                      Dm
A long time ago when the earth was green,
          G                          C
There was more kinds of animals than you'd ever seen.
       C                         Dm
They'd run around free while the world was being born,
        C                             Dm G   C
But the loveliest of them all was the u--ni--corn.

Chorus:
          C                    Dm
There was green alligators and long necked geese,
     G                          C
Some humpy back camels and some chimpanzees,
C                               Dm
Cats and rats and elephants but sure as you're born,
    C                        Dm G   C
The loveliest of all was the u--ni--corn.

But the Lord seen some sinnin' and it caused him pain,
He said "Stand back - I'm gonna make it rain.
So hey brother Noah, I'll tell you what to do,
Build me a floating zoo."

Chorus:
And you take two alligators and a couple of geese,
Two hump back camels and two chimpanzees,
Two cats, two rats, two elephants but sure as you're born,
Noah, don't you forget my u--ni--corn.

Now Noah was there and he answered the callin',
And he finished up the ark as the rain started fallin',
And he marched in the animals two by two,
And he sung out as they went through.

Chorus:
"Hey Lord, I got you two alligators and a couple of geese,
Two hump back camels and two chimpanzees,
Two cats, two rats, two elephants but sure as you're born,
Lord, I just don't see your u--ni--corns."

Well, Noah looked out through the driving rain,
But the unicorns were hiding - playing silly games,
They were kickin' and a-spashin' while the rain was pourin',
Oh them foolish unicorns.

[Repeat second chorus]

And then the ark started moving and it drifted with the tide,
And the unicorns looked up from the rock and cried,
And the water came up and sort of floated them away,
That's why you've never seen a unicorn to this day.

Chorus:
You'll see a lot of alligators and a whole mess of geese,
You'll see hump back camels and chimpanzees,
You'll see cats and rats and elephants but sure as you're born,
You're never gonna see no u--ni--corns.

