War of the Roses - a Musical Guide
- by @The Silly History Boys Show channel on YouTube (https://youtu.be/2HFcDyPP0Tc)

           A               E
It was the war, War of the Roses.
                        A
The north and south did clash.
                              E
Now it's not Yorkshire versus Lanchashire,
                         A
Oh no it's not a cricket match. (at least it's long)
           D                               A
It was the Royal House of York against the Royal House of Lancaster,
E                                  A
vying for the crown and throne the source of English power
   D                                      A
To see who would be king, that's what the conflict was about,
   E
so join the Silly History Boys as we try to work it out (Oh, I know those guys, they're awful).

It all began back in 1399,
when Henry Bollingbroke decided that he should be next in line
for the thrown that Richard II was sat on,
And so Henry has Richard killed with a hot poker up his bum.
He ruled as Henry IV until the year 1413,
then when he died his son Henry the V came on the scene.
That's the Henry who won at Agincourt but he didn't stick 'round long,
He died in 1422, and was succeeded by his son.

Henry VI, who was but nine months old, (aww, look at the baby),
And so England was being ruled by advisors truth be told.
As the king grew, he was perceived as weak.
He lost a load of land in France and his future was looking bleak.
By 1450 it was said Henry the VI had gone insane,
And three years later Richard Duke of York ruled in his name.
This most displeased Margaret of Anjou who was Henry VI's wife (hate that guy).
Then Henry's health recovered and the land was filled with strife.

You see Margaret hated Richard Duke of York (I just said that),
and since Henry was now recovered she kicked Richard out of court.
Margaret became head of the Lancastrian cause,
But the Yorkists wouldn't have it and decided to use force.
And so on May 22 in the year 1455,
The battle of St. Albans saw the king captured alive,
and since the king had fallen ill the Duke of York ruled once again.
Richard Nevill Earl of Warwick was his super helpful friend (so helpful).

Then the next year, that's 1456, (silly, three o'clock)
Saw the king once more recover all his wits,
and so Margaret had all of the Duke of York's appointments overturned.
He lost all of his power and was sent to Ireland.
In 1459 the Earl of Warwick refused a royal degree,
And went to see Richard of York and the Earl of Salisbury.
The three decided it was war and won a battle at Blore Heath,
But then only a month later they lost at Ludford Bridge.

They ran away (run), but were not gone too long (we're back).
Because in 1460 they came back and won at Northampton,
captured the King, and Richard laid claim to the thrown (I shall be king, then).
He was made Henry's successor but Queen Margaret was not done.
She raised an army up in Scotland and returned later that year.
The battle of Wakefield filled Richard Duke of York with fear,
because he lost and had his head cut off, his son and Salisbury, too.
'Twas the last time they would mess with Margaret of Anjou (I wanted his head on a spike).

With Richard dead, the cause of York was nearly lost,
but then their new leader the Earl of March won the battle of Mortimor's Cross.
This was in February of 1461,
But later that same month the Earl of Warwick lost at St. Albans.
Lancastrians rescued the king from Yorkist clutches once again,
But Margaret was refused entry to London for her men (Henry)
With Yorkist armies in pursuit she took Henry VI to the north.
Whilst in the south the Earl of March was crowned Edward the IV. (Edward the IV, a New Hope)

What happened next was a Yorkist victory,
The battle of Towton, the bloodiest in English history,
Which was in March of 1461,
And the defeated Henry IV and Margaret were forced to run.
The newly crowned Edward IV cemented power and did thrive,
And captured Henry VI in the year 1465,
Old King Henry was imprisoned in the Tower of London,
for all intents and purposes the Yorkists had just won. (Eh, I don't think it's going to be that simple.)

And then the Earl of Warwick caused some strife (overreached himself),
Fell out with King Edward and was forced to flee for his life.
He fled to France (bonjour), and teamed up with Margaret,
And in late 1470 they landed forces at Dartmouth.
Now Edward IV had proved unpopular, 'twas his turn now to flee.
He sought the aid of Charles the Bold, the Duke of Burgundy.
The Earl of Warwick then restored Henry he was the kingmaker,
But with some help from Charles the Bold, Edward landed in Yorkshire.

It was the year (what year?) 1471 (oh),
Which saw a battle outside Barnet that King Edward the IV won,
And it was there the Earl of Warwick died, poor he,
And then Queen Margaret's son Edward was killed at Tewksberry,
So with the Lancastrian heir now dead the Yorkist's work was done,
They had Henry the IV murdered May 1471.
Now for a period of twelve years there was peace the kingdom thrived.
But then Edward IV died suddenly and along came Edward V. (I only just came to know Edward IV)

But he was twelve (Hello) and had a protector,
A man who was his uncle Richard of Gloucester (Hello),
Now Uncle Richard has some plans of his own,
And so the King Edward the V and his brother were given a new home
In the Tower of London which was as bad as you've heard,
As dear old uncle Richard crowned himself Richard the III.
It was now 1483 and good King Richard was your friend,
unless you were the boys in the tower who were never seen again. (?...I've got a pillow)

Two more years pass, rebellions come and go.
But now the house of Lancaster has a new hero.
Yes, Henry Tutor had come for Richard's throne.
So he raised an army back in Wales a place that he called home.
The king and Henry met in battle August 1485,
And there on Bosworth field they knew that one would not survive,
And when King Richard was unhorsed and stabbed he knew the end had come.
When they crowned Henry the Seventh the Lancastrians had won.

Had won the war (what war?), War of the Roses (oh, I remember).
Oh yes, the north and south did clash.
It was not Yorkshire versus Lanchashire,
No it was not a cricket match.
No it was not a cricket match.
No it was not a cricket match.  (That's just not cricket.)
